[improve][doc] SEO for Pulsar Schema (#675)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/schema-understand.md

id: schema-understand
title: Understand schema
sidebar_label: "Understand schema"

> description: Get a comprehensive understanding of concepts of Pulsar schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get a comprehensive understanding of Pulsar schemas.
```
This topic does not only cover "concepts"
